README.md, before:

glaze
=====

Easy to use PHP functions for displaying *stuff*. Escapes text & URLs, email addresses, and HTML attributes.

```php
// Simple text
echo glazeText('Text to display');

// Encode an email address to make it harder for spam bots to pick up.
$emailAddressDisplay = glazeNumericEntityEncodedText('email@example.com');
```

For escaping HTML attributes:

```php
?>
<a<?= glazeAttribute('href', 'http://www.facebook.com/') ?>><?= glazeText('Friends & family contact me here.') ?></a>
<?php
```
	
More complex example:

```php
$info = json_decode($filePath, true); // true: decodes as an array

$classNamesArray = array('item', 'book');
$classNamesArray[] = $info['genre']; // e.g. 'thriller'
?>
<div<?php
echo glazeAttribute('id', $info['itemID']);
echo glazeAttribute('class', $classNamesArray); // Works with an array of values for class attributes.
echo glazeAttributeCheck('data-sales-count', $info['salesCount']); // Only display the attribute if value $info['salesCount'] has something there.
echo glazeAttributeCheck('selected', $info['selected'], 'selected'); // Only displays the attribute, with the value 'selected', if $info['selected'] is true.
?>>
<?= glazeText($info['itemDescription']) ?>
</div>
<?php
```

Using already escaped information:

```php
$escapedText = 'Bangers &amp; Mash';
echo glazeAttribute('alt', $escapedText, GLAZE_TYPE_PREGLAZED);
```

Commit message:

New email address & mailto: types. Improvements to README.
Got rid of numeric entity type, replaced with email address, and new
mailto: emaill address types. Got rid of date functions.
Added more to README, with overview of the functions at the top. Filled
out sentence, comments, etc.

README.md, after:

glaze
=====

Easy to use PHP functions for displaying *stuff*. Works with text, URLs, email addresses, and HTML attributes. Lets you focus more on what is being displayed, rather than thinking all the time that "before I display this string it must be escaped for the Hyper Text Markup Language..."

```php
/* The name of functions focus on what they are used for, rather than how they do it. */

string glazeText( string $string ) // Display text

string glazeURL( string $string ) // Display, yep, a URL

string glazeEmailAddress( string $emailAddress ) // This one attempts to confuse dumb spam robots that try to find your email address.

string glazeEmailAddressMailtoURL( string $emailAddress ) // Those trendy mailto:me@mywebsite.com links, also dumb-spam-bot proof.

string glazeNumberWithOrdinals( int $number ) // Displays a number as 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th...

string glazeAttribute( string $attributeName, string $attributeValue [, string $valueType ] ) // Display an HTML element's attribute: | name="value"|

string glazeAttributeCheck( string $attributeName, mixed &$attributeValueToCheck [, string $attributeValueToUse = null, string $valueType = null] ) // This works the same as the above function, but checks a variable reference you pass first. If $attributeValueToUse isn't passed then $attributeValueToCheck is also used as the value.

```

```php
// Simple text
echo glazeText('Text to display');

// Encode an email address to make it harder for spam bots to pick up.
$emailAddressDisplay = glazeNumericEntityEncodedText('email@example.com');
```

For escaping HTML attributes:

```php
?>
<a<?= glazeAttribute('href', 'http://www.facebook.com/') ?>><?= glazeText('Friends & family contact me here.') ?></a>
<?php
```
	
More complex example:

```php
$info = json_decode($filePath, true); // true: decodes as an array

$classNamesArray = array('item', 'book');
$classNamesArray[] = $info['genre']; // e.g. 'thriller'
?>
<div<?php
echo glazeAttribute('id', $info['itemID']);
echo glazeAttribute('class', $classNamesArray); // Lets you use an array of strings for class attributes.
echo glazeAttributeCheck('data-sales-count', $info['salesCount']); // Only display the attribute if variable reference $info['salesCount'] is set.
echo glazeAttributeCheck('selected', $info['selected'], 'selected'); // Only displays the attribute, with the value 'selected', if $info['selected'] is true.
?>>
<?= glazeText($info['itemDescription']) ?>
</div>
<?php
```

Using already escaped information:

```php
$escapedText = 'Bangers &amp; Mash';
echo glazeAttribute('alt', $escapedText, GLAZE_TYPE_PREGLAZED);
```


### If you have any improvements, please send them in!

- All these functions require a `<?=` or an echo, does this hamper readability?
